New page for HTMLInputElement.indeterminate (#35967)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlinputelement/indeterminate/index.md

---
title: "HTMLInputElement: indeterminate property"
short-title: indeterminate
slug: Web/API/HTMLInputElement/indeterminate
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLInputElement.indeterminate
---

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`indeterminate`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLInputElement")}} interface returns a boolean value that indicates whether the checkbox is in the _indeterminate_ state. For example, a "select all/deselect all" checkbox may be in the indeterminate state when some but not all of its sub-controls are checked. It is unrelated to the {{domxref("HTMLInputElement.checked")}} property, and an indeterminate checkbox can be either checked or unchecked. The `indeterminate` state can only be set via JavaScript, and only affects the checkbox's appearance, not its value when submitted.

Author: ```suggestion
The **`indeterminate`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLInputElement")}} interface returns a boolean value that indicates whether the checkbox is in the _indeterminate_ state. For example, a "select all/deselect all" checkbox may be in the indeterminate state when some but not all of its sub-controls are checked. The `indeterminate` state can only be set via JavaScript and is only relevant to [`checkbox`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/checkbox) controls.

It is unrelated to the {{domxref("HTMLInputElement.checked")}} property, and an indeterminate checkbox can be either checked or unchecked. Being indeterminate only affects the checkbox's appearance (see example below), not its value when submitted (which is controlled by the checkedness).
```

---
title: "HTMLInputElement: indeterminate property"
short-title: indeterminate
slug: Web/API/HTMLInputElement/indeterminate
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLInputElement.indeterminate
---

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

The **`indeterminate`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLInputElement")}} interface returns a boolean value that indicates whether the checkbox is in the _indeterminate_ state. For example, a "select all/deselect all" checkbox may be in the indeterminate state when some but not all of its sub-controls are checked. The `indeterminate` state can only be set via JavaScript and is only relevant to [`checkbox`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/checkbox) controls.

> It is unrelated to the {{domxref("HTMLInputElement.checked")}} property, and an indeterminate checkbox can be either checked or unchecked. Being indeterminate only affects the checkbox's appearance (see example below), not its value when submitted (which is controlled by the checkedness).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is unrelated to the {{domxref("HTMLInputElement.checked")}} property, and an indeterminate checkbox can be either checked or unchecked. Being indeterminate only affects the checkbox's appearance (see example below), not its `checked` state.
```
the name and value pair are either submitted or not; the checkedness doesn't control the `value` per se.

Author: ```suggestion
It is unrelated to the {{domxref("HTMLInputElement.checked")}} property, and an indeterminate checkbox can be either checked or unchecked. Being indeterminate only affects the checkbox's appearance (see example below), not its presence when submitted (which is controlled by the checkedness).
```

What about this?

## Value

A boolean.

## Examples

```html
<input type="checkbox" id="indeterminate-checkbox" />
<label for="indeterminate-checkbox">Indeterminate checkbox</label>
```

```js
const checkbox = document.getElementById("indeterminate-checkbox");
checkbox.indeterminate = true;
```

{{EmbedLiveSample("examples", "", 200)}}

## Specifications

{{Specifications}}

## Browser compatibility

{{Compat}}

## See also

- {{domxref("HTMLInputElement")}}

> - {{domxref("HTMLFormElement.checked")}}

Author: ```suggestion
- {{domxref("HTMLInputElement.checked")}}
```
